hello everyone welcome to our cell phone
world today I will introduce you this
mobile phone is el phone ok next year
was the appearance of this iphone ok
open this neat-o box and we will see
this iphone the appearance of this
iphone ok get out you can see I found a
purist the cover of the phone is black
and his currency are contrasting and
here is the camera is here and here is a
apple logo iphone is here and here is
too short cuts and also Harry here is
key that we will use it to Poland power
on or power to fall ok let's see the
other accessories of this iphone first
curious earphones one-year phone when
USB cable and one charger put out and to
use it properly and here is two
batteries also all finally you get the
users menu for you to know how to use
this phone SIMPONI and properly you can
say it is rattling in angry
and very useful here is a Puritan
softest iphone okay let's see i will
show you how to use this iphone
first please release the back cover
necklace is very simple and put as I am
crowd into the phone
necklace
okay and then choose one charger to put
in this iphone
this way
and then he was you can see the phone is
just got one as I'm a card you can see
you can put it in and y we need to close
the back cover
that's okay then press the poem and
off-key Japan on the phone for few
seconds okay you can see it works I come
here is the menu of this phone okay
first ever see we'll get to the settings
set language for your own phone here is
pin celebration helpin you a get a pen
with this iphone we are goddess ok phone
settings and go to phone settings here
is knowledge you have I this language
you you convert the Englishman okay put
ok to set the language for yourself to
use the phone ok here's the other
settings incoming call city you can you
can see well the city of the phone call
from it's very useful and back back to
menu you can see from menu here is the
music person surely you need to download
music and here's metier my team material
multimedia you can take you of video of
this material and also here is calendar
and photo/am bunam and you should take
the photo yourself and also smashing
juice okay it's very here is change
their work wallpaper right for a
beautiful wallpaper and camera camera
take photos and slide like this you said
other option of the function of this
iphone first here is some website of the
email you can use goodbye to google sina
sohu yahoo also you can use ms and is
here and watch and also you can see the
games how many games here cook you java
games you can download your creams
yourself console here is one here's one
games building okay you can download
your favorite games with this form okay
let's try it like this USA the java the
video record in first time we also
available here is bluetooth and click
search msn phone book okay you can you
can add the person you want to add
to content to contact with also is very
simple to use okay if you want to buy
this phone please log on to our website
to get one okay bye bye see you next
time